DOCUMENTATION: Clarify that port handle methods remain usable after the ns instance is dead (#2930)
bitburner-official/bitburner-src: markdown/bitburner.netscriptport.md

Object representing a port. A port is a serialized queue.

> All methods in this interface can be used even after the ns instance is dead.

Reviewer: Suggested here and everywhere:
```suggestion
All methods in this interface can be used while the ns instance is "busy" (they avoid the concurrency check), or even when it is dead.
```
Avoiding the concurrency check is often the more relevant part.
